chore(android): How to define in-app frames for obfuscated builds (#5821)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/android/common/proguard.mdx

The Android SDK ships with ProGuard rules automatically defined; no further configuration is needed.

</Note>

> ## In-App Frames

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## In-app Frames
```

> If you have an deobfuscated build, the Android SDK will automatically set all frames coming from the app as in-app, based on the `applicationId/packageName`. This is not possible on the client side for obfuscated builds. But you can define server-side rules for identifying the in-app frames, for example:

Reviewer 2: Small wording tweak. Also we might need to hyphenate deobfuscate, but will circle back on that.
```suggestion
If you have an deobfuscated build, the Android SDK will automatically set all frames coming from the app as in-app, based on the `applicationId/packageName`. This is not possible on the client side for obfuscated builds. However, you can define server-side rules for identifying the in-app frames, for example:
```

> For unobfuscated builds, the Android SDK will automatically set all frames coming from the App as `in-app` frames, based on `applicationId/packageName`. However, for obfuscated builds this is not possible on the client side. Therefore, you can define server-side rules for identifying the in-app frames, for example:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an deobfuscated build, the Android SDK will automatically set all frames coming from the app as in-app, based on the `applicationId/packageName`. This is not possible on the client side for obfuscated builds. But you can define server-side rules for identifying the in-app frames, for example:

```

```discover {tabTitle:Enhancement Rules}
stack.module:com.mycompany.** +app
```

> For more information see [StackTrace Rules](/product/data-mana/gement-settings/event-grouping/stack-trace-rules/#mark-in-app-frames/)

Author: ```suggestion
For more information see [StackTrace Rules](/product/data-mana/gement-settings/event-grouping/stack-trace-rules/#mark-in-app-frames/).
```

> For more information see [StackTrace Rules](/product/data-mana/gement-settings/event-grouping/stack-trace-rules/#mark-in-app-frames/).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information see [StackTrace Rules](/product/data-management-settings/event-grouping/stack-trace-rules/#mark-in-app-frames).
```
